+++
author = "Sathyajith Bhat"
categories = ["Life"]
date = 2023-01-28T12:00:00Z
description = "Week 4 summary - Lunar New Year, electricity issues and a long weekend."
featured_image = "https://i.sathyabh.at/sb/weekly-notes/lanterns.jpg"
meta_image = "https://i.sathyabh.at/sb/weekly-notes/lanterns.jpg" 
tags = ["weekly-notes", "New Year"]
places = "Sydney"
title = "Weekly notes 04/2023"
type = "post"
url = "/2023/01/28/weekly-notes-04-2023/"
series = ["Weekly notes"]

+++

A month of 2023 is over! Can't believe - time goes by so fast!

### What's been happening

* The Chinese New Year and the Year of the Rabbit is upon us. Went to Darling Harbour for the fireworks show and there was a lion dance and a dragon dance.

  {{< fancybox "https://i.sathyabh.at/sb/weekly-notes" "lanterns.jpg" "Happy Lunar New Year!" "Happy Lunar New Year!" >}}

  By the time we were done with these, most of the food places were shutting down so we bought some Japanese Donburi [^1] as takeaway and ate it while sitting in the park benches. Picked up some gelato too and walked back home - Saturday well spent! Check out [the video](https://youtu.be/SuLQbCGJEAo) I made featuring some clips from the Darling Harbour Fireworks and the Lion and Dragon Dances.

  {{< youtube SuLQbCGJEAo >}}

* Exciting Sunday night! We were all set to have pizza (Jo was making it). Turned the oven on, some 10 minutes heard a pop and suddenly we were sitting in darkness. Turns out the oven ended up tripping the main circuit breaker. I looked at the breakers in the house, flipped the one that had tripped back to "on" and.... no dice. On a Sunday night, at 10:30 pm. Ended up calling Glenco, who were listed in my rental agreement. About an hour later, the electrician came over. They looked at the house, went over to the electrical cabinet and flipped it on. TIL that the electrician has a key that can open most electrical cabinets, so they don't have to call the building managers. Handy if you get stuck like me.

* Couple of days later, we had the technician come over to check the oven. Turns out the heating coil ended up shorting, which caused the main circuit break to trip off. Thankfully, no damage to any of our equipment. They replaced the coil the same day and the oven is back in action! 

* We had a long weekend - Thursday was off due to [Australia Day](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_Day)[^2]. Thought we'll do some weekend road trips but ultimately did nothing.. 

* My Singapore visa application got approved! I have a multi-entry visa valid for two years, when I requested for a week - not complaining.

* I reinstalled GTA V and played a bit with Bibhas. GTA V MP, especially with friends can be fun, but Rockstar makes it difficult to play with only friends and consistently throws you out into a public session. Too many griefers and hackers causing disruption. Check out [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sGNS8u0snQ) for example. 

  {{< youtube 9sGNS8u0snQ >}}

* Jo has started watching a series called [Cold Case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_Case). It's about a couple of Philly detectives that look into cases that have been unsolved for many years/decades, often brought into light due to situations (a dying person's confession for example). It's an interesting take on the crime drama series, and there are lots of flashbacks on what had happened with many of the suspects shown in current as well as past eras. Love the soundtrack! Lots of awesome songs. Somebody has compiled a [Spotify playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0iPA7Rac8yaErLd2VscK9Q?si=a8e66d1055da4c2c) of the songs. Go check it out if you like crime/drama series. 

* It's been another weird weather week and I confirm the [Vornado 660](https://vornado.com.au/products/660-large-air-circulator) is really good. There's a clear drop in temperature in the bedroom, where we've currently kept it. We've not needed to use the air conditioner since it does such a good job. 

That's a wrap up. Have a great Febuary!

[^1]: A Japanese "rice-bowl dish"

[^2]: From the wiki: Australia Day marks the 1788 landing of the First Fleet at Sydney Cove and raising of the Union Flag by Arthur Phillip following days of exploration of Port Jackson in New South Wales. In present-day Australia, celebrations aim to reflect the diverse society and landscape of the nation and are marked by community and family events, reflections on Australian history, official community awards and citizenship ceremonies welcoming new members of the Australian community.